## Tiny Chef STL
4701 Morganford inside The Silver Ballroom

### Hours ###
> Sunday: 5-9 <br>
Monday: 5-9 <br>
Friday: 5-10 <br>
Saturday: 5-10


<br>

### Special of the Week
> **Korean Stew <br/>**
> Loaded with mushrooms, onion, carrot, potato, tofu, garlic, ginger, tumeric, and Korean seaweed. It's not only packed with flavor, it's a super food soup. My Korean Stew comes with rice and gets topped with cilantro, scallions and sesame seeds.

<br>

### Main Menu
- Bibimbap -- $15
    > Rice bowl with kimchi, radish, sesame cucumber + carrot, salad, egg, scallions, sesame seeds with protein + sauce of your choice! (upcharge for steak)

- Tacos -- 3 for $12
    > Corn of flour tortillas, napa slaw or kimchi, picu queso fresco, cilantro + lime with protein + suace of your choice! (upcharge for steak) <br>

- Protein Options:
    - Char siu pork belly 
    - Char siu tofu
    - Bulgogi chickn 
    - Bulgogi steak

- Sauces:
    - Dragon 
        - creamy + spicy 
    - Pixie
        - sweet + savory plum sauce

*All suaces marinades & kimchi are made in house, **vegan**, & **GF!***

###

<br>
<br>

### Archive

- Korean Cheesey Corn
    > A generous portion of this delicious, cheesy, and mouth-watering corn makes a perfect side dish for your meals. This special is gluten-free and vegetarian friendly.

- Kimchi Carbonara
    > A generous portion of luscious Korean udon noodles tossed in a white wine, vegan butter, garlic, ginger, shallot and onion sauce, my vegan kimchi, chiffonade spinach, gochugaru pepper, scallions, and parmesan. I will also have vegan parmesan available! I HIGHLY recommend adding your favorite Tiny Chef protein and happy, sunny egg for an upcharge.

- Korean Radish Stew
    > Big chunks of Korean radish, carrots, onions, shallot, potato, mushrooms, garlic and more make this a one-of-a-kind meal. The broth is velvety smooth and features a homemade deonjang paste and gochugaru from the smoky mountains of Gwangju. I highly recommend adding your favorite Tiny Chef protein and a sunny egg to your stew for even more flavor! This delicious bowl of stew will come with a side of rice and gets topped with scallions and toasted sesame seeds.

- Bulgogi Mushroom
    >A medley of Asian mushroom sautéed with Mirin and my housemade bulgogi sauce. These mushrooms are vegan friendly AND gluten-free. Add these babies to the Bibimbap, Korean Street Tacos, or get them as a side!

- Musubi Burrito
    > Your choice of fried spam or tofu, spinach, nanami togurashi, fried egg, your choice of spicy Dragon or sweet 'n savory Pixie sauce, and rice all wrapped in nori. I HIGHLY recommend adding the cheese for an upcharge to take this burrito to a whole new level. I also have vegan cheese available. These are gluten-free and, without the egg, vegan friendly!

- Yukgaejang
    > Yukgaejang 육개장 is a spicy Korean soup chock full of ingredients, including Korean root vegetables and Korean sweet potato noodles. But don't worry, I didn't make it very spicy at all! <br>

    > I HIGHLY RECOMMEND adding protein, a side of rice, and a sunny egg because that will just add to the many levels of flavor. You do not want to miss this special!!


