## Tiny Chef STL
4701 Morganford inside The Silver Ballroom

> <details> <summary><strong>Hours</strong></summary>
> Sunday: 5-9 <br>
> Monday: 5-9 <br>
> Friday: 5-10 <br>
> Saturday: 5-10
</details>


### Special of the Week
**Korean Stew**
> Loaded with mushrooms, onion, carrot, potato, tofu, garlic, ginger, tumeric, and Korean seaweed. It's not only packed with flavor, it's a super food soup. My Korean Stew comes with rice and gets topped with cilantro, scallions and sesame seeds.


<br>

### Main Menu
> **BIBIMBAP** <br> 
$15<br> 
Rice bowl with kimchi, radish, sesame cucumber + carrot, salad, egg, scallions, sesame seeds with protein + sauce of your choice! *upcharge for steak*

> **TACOS** <br>
3 for $12<br>
Corn of flour tortillas, napa slaw or kimchi, picu queso fresco, cilantro + lime with protein + suace of your choice! *upcharge for steak* <br>

> **Protein Options:** <br>
    - Char siu pork belly <br>
    - Char siu tofu <br>
    - Bulgogi chicken <br>
    - Bulgogi steak

> **Sauces**:<br>
    - DRAGON:  creamy + spicy <br>
    - PIXIE: sweet + savory plum sauce

*All suaces marinades & kimchi are made in house, **vegan**, & **GF!***
###


### Archive

> <details> <summary><strong>Korean Cheesey Corn </strong></summary>
> A generous portion of this delicious, cheesy, and mouth-watering corn makes a perfect side dish for your meals. This special is gluten-free and vegetarian friendly.
</details>

> <details> <summary><strong>Kimchi Carbonara </strong></summary>
> A generous portion of luscious Korean udon noodles tossed in a white wine, vegan butter, garlic, ginger, shallot and onion sauce, my vegan kimchi, chiffonade spinach, gochugaru pepper, scallions, and parmesan. I will also have vegan parmesan available! I HIGHLY recommend adding
</details>

> <details> <summary><strong>Korean Radish Stew </strong></summary>
> Big chunks of Korean radish, carrots, onions, shallot, potato, mushrooms, garlic and more make this a one-of-a-kind meal. The broth is velvety smooth and features a homemade deonjang paste and gochugaru from the smoky mountains of Gwangju. I highly recommend adding your favorite Tiny Chef protein and a sunny egg to your stew for even more flavor! This delicious bowl of stew will come with a side of rice and gets topped with scallions and toasted sesame seeds.
</details>

> <details> <summary><strong>Bulgogi Mushroom</strong></summary>
> A medley of Asian mushroom sautéed with Mirin and my housemade bulgogi sauce. These mushrooms are vegan friendly AND gluten-free. Add these babies to the Bibimbap, Korean Street Tacos, or get them as a side!
</details>

> <details> <summary><strong>Musubi Burrito</strong></summary>
> Your choice of fried spam or tofu, spinach, nanami togurashi, fried egg, your choice of spicy Dragon or sweet 'n savory Pixie sauce, and rice all wrapped in nori. I HIGHLY recommend adding the cheese for an upcharge to take this burrito to a whole new level. I also have vegan cheese available. These are gluten-free and, without the egg, vegan friendly!
</details>

> <details> <summary><strong>Yukgaejang</strong></summary>
> Yukgaejang 육개장 is a spicy Korean soup chock full of ingredients, including Korean root vegetables and Korean sweet potato noodles. But don't worry, I didn't make it very spicy at all! <br>
> I HIGHLY RECOMMEND adding protein, a side of rice, and a sunny egg because that will just add to the many levels of flavor. You do not want to miss this special!!
</details>


