# Tiny Chef STL
4701 Morganford inside The Silver Ballroom

<details> <summary>Hours</summary>
* Sunday: 5-9 <br>
* Monday: 5-9 <br>
* Friday: 5-10 <br>
* Saturday: 5-10
</details>


## Special of the Week
> ### Korean Stew
Loaded with mushrooms, onion, carrot, potato, tofu, garlic, ginger, tumeric, and Korean seaweed. It's not only packed with flavor, it's a super food soup. My Korean Stew comes with rice and gets topped with cilantro, scallions and sesame seeds.


<br>

## Main Menu

| Item  | Price | Description |
| ------------- |:------------:| :-------------:|
| Bibimbap      | $15          | Rice bowl with kimchi, radish, sesame cucumber + carrot, salad, egg, scallions, sesame seeds with protein + sauce of your choice! 
| Tacos         | 3 for $12    | Corn of flour tortillas, napa slaw or kimchi, picu queso fresco, cilantro + lime with protein + suace of your choice!





### Protein Options
* Char siu pork belly 
* Char siu tofu 
* Bulgogi chicken
* Bulgogi steak* 
###### * *upcharge for steak* ######
<br>

### Sauces
*All sauces, marinades & kimchi are made in house, **vegan**, & **GF!***
| Sauce  | Taste |
| --------------|:------------------:|
| Dragon      |  creamy + spicy    |
| Pixie       | sweet + savory plum sauce |


<br>

## Archive
Meals can be made vegan or gliuten free if specified. Please ask chef!

***vegan** <br>
****GF** <br> 
**+ vegan & GF**

> <details> <summary><strong>Korean Cheesey Corn + </strong></summary>
> A generous portion of this delicious, cheesy, and mouth-watering corn makes a perfect side dish for your meals. This special is gluten-free and vegetarian friendly.
<!-- how to italicize within block quote? can we stack styles? -->

</details> <br>

> <details> <summary><strong>Kimchi Carbonara *</strong></summary>
> A generous portion of luscious Korean udon noodles tossed in a white wine, vegan butter, garlic, ginger, shallot and onion sauce, my vegan kimchi, chiffonade spinach, gochugaru pepper, scallions, and parmesan. I will also have vegan parmesan available! I HIGHLY recommend adding your favorite Tiny Chef protein and happy, sunny egg for an upcharge.
</details> <br>

> <details> <summary><strong>Korean Radish Stew </strong></summary>
> Big chunks of Korean radish, carrots, onions, shallot, potato, mushrooms, garlic and more make this a one-of-a-kind meal. The broth is velvety smooth and features a homemade deonjang paste and gochugaru from the smoky mountains of Gwangju. I highly recommend adding your favorite Tiny Chef protein and a sunny egg to your stew for even more flavor! This delicious bowl of stew will come with a side of rice and gets topped with scallions and toasted sesame seeds.
</details> <br>

> <details> <summary><strong>Bulgogi Mushroom + </strong></summary>
> A medley of Asian mushroom sautéed with Mirin and my housemade bulgogi sauce. These mushrooms are vegan friendly AND gluten-free. Add these babies to the Bibimbap, Korean Street Tacos, or get them as a side!
</details> <br>

> <details> <summary><strong>Musubi Burrito +</strong></summary>
> Your choice of fried spam or tofu, spinach, nanami togurashi, fried egg, your choice of spicy Dragon or sweet 'n savory Pixie sauce, and rice all wrapped in nori. I HIGHLY recommend adding the cheese for an upcharge to take this burrito to a whole new level. I also have vegan cheese available. These are gluten-free and, without the egg, vegan friendly!
</details> <br>

> <details> <summary><strong>Yukgaejang +</strong></summary>
> Yukgaejang 육개장 is a spicy Korean soup chock full of ingredients, including Korean root vegetables and Korean sweet potato noodles. But don't worry, I didn't make it very spicy at all! <br>
> Korean gosari (a delicious Korean root vegetable), lotus root, Korean sweet potato, onion, carrot, mung bean sprouts, a wide variety of delicious mushrooms, and more are just a part of this epic stew! It's usually made with beef and beef stock, but since I try and make everything from the start vegan friendly, this version has zero animal products. It's also gluten-free, even with the noodles!
> I HIGHLY RECOMMEND adding protein, a side of rice, and a sunny egg because that will just add to the many levels of flavor. You do not want to miss this special!!
</details> <br>


